README.md, before:

# Checking Differences between Fulfillment and Work order creation for each item code in each day

##‼️ Important Information:
The package it self is a tool help you quickly check differences between quantity fulfill with quantity in work order creation.
But it **is your responsibilities** to download and provide data **CORRECTLY**

🔗 Below are two links, already set up in Netsuite, for the data set of workorder and fulfillment. I suggest using my dataset if you don't have a well set up one:
- **IF**: [Item fullfilment dataset](https://5574610.app.netsuite.com/app/common/search/searchresults.nl?searchid=2243&whence=)
- **WO**: [Work order dataset](https://5574610.app.netsuite.com/app/common/search/searchresults.nl?searchid=2637&whence=)

👍 Rule of thumbs on how to get the proper dataset:

### Required installs
To use this package, you need to install the following:


1. **Git**
    1. **Download the Git Installer**:
        - Go to the [Git website](https://git-scm.com/download/win) to download the Git installer for Windows.

    2. **Run the Installer**:
        - Execute the downloaded `.exe` file and follow the installation wizard. Accept the default settings or customize as per your preferences.

    3. **Verify Installation**:
        - Open Command Prompt and type `git --version` to verify the installation. You should see the installed Git version displayed.


1. **Python** (Version 3.8+ is recommended):
    1. **Visit the Python Download Page**:
        - Go to the [official Python website](https://www.python.org/downloads/) and download the installer for Python 3.8 or later.

    2. **Run the Python Installer**:
        - Open the downloaded file. Ensure you check the box **"Add Python 3.x to PATH"** before clicking on the "Install Now" button.

    3. **Verify Python Installation**:
        - Open Command Prompt or Terminal and type `python --version`. You should see the version of Python you installed.

    #### Installing Dependencies:
    After installing Python, install the required packages using pip:

 - **Dependencies**:
    - **pandas**:
    ```sh
        pip install pandas
    ```
    - **pyarrow**:
    ```sh
        pip install pyarrow
    ```
### Usage guides
1. Clone the repositories to your local machine
    ```sh
    git clone git@github.com:nt2311-vn/checkdiff_fullfill.git
    ```

2. Export two dataset as csv and named IF.csv, WO.csv as their nature. Move to folder **data**


3. Use and command line (cmd) or terminal, make sure your terminal or cmd is at this folder.
Run this command to start the program:

    **For Windows**
    ```sh
    python main.py
    ```


    **For MacOS and Linux**
    ```sh
    python3 main.py
    ```


4. Your result will be in result folder:
    - result_reconcile: Is the total check item differences between fulfill and work order in each date
    - result_diff: Is the work order id need to close for matching between fullfil quantity and work order quantity.

Commit message:

Have some rule of thumbs on dataset

README.md, after:

# Checking Differences between Fulfillment and Work order creation for each item code in each day

## ‼️Important Information:
The package it self is a tool help you quickly check differences between quantity fulfill with quantity in work order creation.
But it **is your responsibilities** to download and provide data **CORRECTLY**

🔗 Below are two links, already set up in Netsuite, for the data set of workorder and fulfillment. I suggest using my dataset if you don't have a well set up one:
- **IF**: [Item fullfilment dataset](https://5574610.app.netsuite.com/app/common/search/searchresults.nl?searchid=2243&whence=)
- **WO**: [Work order dataset](https://5574610.app.netsuite.com/app/common/search/searchresults.nl?searchid=2637&whence=)

👍 Rule of thumbs on how to get the proper dataset:
1. Determine the period you want to reconcile, if that period is already closed. Have no worries to get all the data within that period.
2. If the period is not closed, if your current date is ahead of the end date of that period +2, you can get all the data within that period.
3. Otherwise, you need to get the data from the start date of that period to the current date -1.

### Required installs
To use this package, you need to install the following:


1. **Git**
    1. **Download the Git Installer**:
        - Go to the [Git website](https://git-scm.com/download/win) to download the Git installer for Windows.

    2. **Run the Installer**:
        - Execute the downloaded `.exe` file and follow the installation wizard. Accept the default settings or customize as per your preferences.

    3. **Verify Installation**:
        - Open Command Prompt and type `git --version` to verify the installation. You should see the installed Git version displayed.


1. **Python** (Version 3.8+ is recommended):
    1. **Visit the Python Download Page**:
        - Go to the [official Python website](https://www.python.org/downloads/) and download the installer for Python 3.8 or later.

    2. **Run the Python Installer**:
        - Open the downloaded file. Ensure you check the box **"Add Python 3.x to PATH"** before clicking on the "Install Now" button.

    3. **Verify Python Installation**:
        - Open Command Prompt or Terminal and type `python --version`. You should see the version of Python you installed.

    #### Installing Dependencies:
    After installing Python, install the required packages using pip:

 - **Dependencies**:
    - **pandas**:
    ```sh
        pip install pandas
    ```
    - **pyarrow**:
    ```sh
        pip install pyarrow
    ```
### Usage guides
1. Clone the repositories to your local machine
    ```sh
    git clone git@github.com:nt2311-vn/checkdiff_fullfill.git
    ```

2. Export two dataset as csv and named IF.csv, WO.csv as their nature. Move to folder **data**


3. Use and command line (cmd) or terminal, make sure your terminal or cmd is at this folder.
Run this command to start the program:

    **For Windows**
    ```sh
    python main.py
    ```


    **For MacOS and Linux**
    ```sh
    python3 main.py
    ```


4. Your result will be in result folder:
    - result_reconcile: Is the total check item differences between fulfill and work order in each date
    - result_diff: Is the work order id need to close for matching between fullfil quantity and work order quantity.
